//Sprint 4 Backlog.  
July 24 to Aug 2

User Stories from Product Backlog that we will address in this sprint:
a) Revise and Update CRC Cards
b) Make changes to the current code to fit 2A requirements
c) As a user, I should be able list all files in a directory 
   which can be no path or relative or absolute path. If a      
   special flag is provided then it lists all the subdirectories 
   of the given directory
d) As a user I should be able to remove a directory from the   
   File System given either an absolute or relative path
e) As a user I should be able to move any file or directory to a
   new directory with in the filesystem, the file and directory 
   location can be relative or absolute paths. The file or      
   directory that is to be moved must be removed from their    
   original location.  
f) As a user I should be able to copy any file or directory to a 
   new directory with in the filesystem, the file and directory 
   location can be relative or absolute paths. The file or      
   directory that is to be moved should still exist in their     
   original location.
g) As a user I should be able to save my current session of the  
   Shell to my real filesystem. This file should contain the  
   entire state of the program before the user exits 
h) As a user I should be able to load up my previous session    
   from a file that exists on my real file system. It should
   restore the program to the previous session before the user       
   exited the program 
i) As a user I should be to search with in a path for either a  
   file or directory with the name that exactly match the      
   expression provided. The location for the search can be      
   relative or absolute path.
j) As a user I should be able to see a visualization of the     
   current filesystem as a tree structure starting from the root
   directory. It must print all subdirectories of directories
k) As a user I should be able to get documentation for supported commands
l) As a user I should be able to receive a copy of the output   
    from commands that output to the screen to be redirected to  
    an OUTFILE 

Specific tasks to be accomplished:
a-01. (CRC Cards) Make changes to filesystem
a-02. 
b-01. (PushTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Push
b-02. (PopTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Pop
b-03. (LsTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for currnet version of Ls
b-04.
c-01. (Ls) Modify existing ls class to check for flag (-R)
c-02. (LS) Implement function to list subdirectories and contents in Ls
d-01. (RmTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Rm
e-01. (Mv) Handle Files
e-02. (MvTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Mv
f-01. (Cp) Handle Files
f-02. (CpTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Cp
g-01. (Save) Add error handling for different situations
g-02. (SaveTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Save
h-01. (Load) Add error handling for different situations
h-02. (LoadTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Load
i-01. (Find) Add error handling for different situations 
i-02. (FindTest) Create and add JUnit testcases for Find
i-01. (Tree) Loop through directory in find desired files
i-02. (Tree) Separate all paths given in find's arguments
i-03  (TreeTest) Create and add JUnit testscases for tree
k-01. 
l-01. 